Cgminer Monitor Client Config Documentation
===========================================

Client stores permanent settings in config file. Default config file name is: `CgminerMonitorClient.config`.

You can specify different config file name by passing it as a parameter: `-configFile=anotherConfigFile.config`.

Technically, CgminerMonitorClient config file is a JSON object, therefore `\` and `"`characters should be escaped with another `\`.

Config properties
-----------------
* CgminerPort - port from which the client tries to get data. Default value: 4028.
* WorkerApiKey - ApiKey which identifies your miner. Keep it safe. No default value, 32 random characters (GUID) generated by website.
* CgminerProcessName - cgminer process name (which in most cases will be cgminer executable name). On windows will have ".exe" suffix. This parameter is used to determine if worker is mining.
* ControlOptions - JSON object with following properties:
 * AllowWorkerPowerControl - `true` if you allow rebooting or shutting down your worker from the website. `false` otherwise.
 * AllowCgminerPowerControl - `true` if you allow starting, stopping or restarting cgminer process from the website. `false` otherwise.
 * AllowCgminerConfigReadingAndWriting - `true` if you allow reading or writing to cgminer config file. `false` otherwise.
 * AllowCgminerControl - `true` if you allow sending commands to cgminer process. `false` otherwise.
 * CgminerStartCmd - command executed by the client when cgminer is started. Use absolute paths, `current directory` is unspecified.
 * CgminerKillCmd - command executed by the client when cgminer is stopped. Use absolute paths, `current directory` is unspecified.
 * CgminerConfigFileLocation - location of cgminer config file, use absolute path. This file will be used when using read/write config command.
 * WorkerRebootCmd - command executed by the client when worker is rebooted. On Windows, response is immediately sent after command execution and worker is rebooted 10 seconds later. On Linux, response is sent after 50seconds and worker is rebooted in next 10seconds.
 * WorkerShutdownCmd - as above, however worker is turned off.
 * RootPrivilegesCmd - Only for linux - command executed to check, if the client can try to restart the worker.
 * RootPrivilegesCmdResult - Only for linux - response expected from command above. If expected response equals to this value, reboot/shutdown command is executed.

Example config file
-------------------
* Windows
```
{
  "ClientVersion": "0.0.7.0",
  "CgminerPort": 4028,
  "WorkerApiKey": "12345678901234567890123456789012",
  "CgminerProcessName": "cgminer.exe",
  "ControlOptions": {
    "AllowWorkerPowerControl": true,
    "AllowCgminerPowerControl": true,
    "AllowCgminerConfigReadingAndWriting": true,
    "AllowCgminerControl": true,
    "CgminerStartCmd": "cmd.exe /c C:\\absolute\\path\\to\\bash\\script\\run.bat --some-params",
    "CgminerKillCmd": "taskkill /F /IM \"cgminer.exe\"",
    "CgminerConfigFileLocation": "C:\\absolute\\path\\to\\cgminer.config",
    "WorkerRebootCmd": "shutdown /r /t 10",
    "WorkerShutdownCmd": "shutdown /s /t 10",
    "RootPrivilegesCmd": null,
    "RootPrivilegesCmdResult": null
  }
}
```
* Linux
```
{
  "ClientVersion": "0.0.7.0",
  "CgminerPort": 4028,
  "WorkerApiKey": "12345678901234567890123456789012",
  "CgminerProcessName": "cgminer",
  "ControlOptions": {
    "AllowWorkerPowerControl": true,
    "AllowCgminerPowerControl": true,
    "AllowCgminerConfigReadingAndWriting": true,
    "AllowCgminerControl": true,
    "CgminerStartCmd": "sh -c '/absolute/path/to/mine/script.sh'",
    "CgminerKillCmd": "pkill -9 \"cgminer\"",
    "CgminerConfigFileLocation": "/absolute/path/to/cgminer/file.conf",
    "WorkerRebootCmd": "shutdown -r 1",
    "WorkerShutdownCmd": "shutdown -p 1",
    "RootPrivilegesCmd": "whoami",
    "RootPrivilegesCmdResult": "root"
  }
}
```
